Nightingale was born in a rich family in the U.K. in 1820. Her family lived a wealthy life, but she felt guilty about that because she knew there were many poor people. She often thought. "I can live a wealthy life, but there are many poor people who can't even see a doctor when they get sick." She didn't think it was good for her to live a wealthy life. She always thought about what she could do for the poor people. Her family often enjoyed attending parties, but she thought studying was more interesting than attending them. Actually, she enjoyed studying a lot.

When Nightingale was twenty-four years old, she decided something and told her parents. She said to them. "I want to be a nurse and help people in need." At that time, nursing was not a good job. ___ Women in the lower classes worked as nurses. So, Nightingale's parents didn't agree with her. However, she continued to study hard to be a nurse.

When Nightingale was thirty years old, she finally became a nurse. Her father finally acknowledged her great effort.

At that time, hospitals were very dirty, and sick people could not receive medical treatment there. Nightingale tried to change this bad situation. She rebuilt hospitals and changed the way of taking care of sick people.

One year later, the war started on the Crimean Peninsula, and many soldiers in the U.K. were taken there. In hospitals, many soldiers didn't receive adequate medical treatment, so they died there. Nightingale learned of the bad situation by reading a newspaper and decided to go there with other nurses. ___ She bought some nice food for the soldiers with her own money.

When Nightingale and other nurses arrived at the hospital on the Crimean Peninsula, they were very surprised. The hospital was very dirty, and there were only a few beds at the hospital, so many injured soldiers were lying on the floor. So, she and other nurses cleaned the hospital. After that, they took good care of the injured soldiers. At first, the doctors of the hospital didn't think the nurses could help them and the injured soldiers. However, they soon changed their minds. They acknowledged the great work of the nurses because many soldiers were helped a lot.

After the war, Nightingale was sad because many soldiers died in the war. She often thought, "How many people was I able to help?" People in the U.K. learned of Nightingale's great work on the Crimean Peninsula and looked forward to seeing her. ___ She didn't think she did anything important. So, she thought they overestimated her, and she didn't like that. She went back to the U.K. secretly.

Nightingale hoped that everyone could receive medical treatment when he or she was sick. She appealed to her country. Many people agreed with her ideas and donated a lot of money to her. Then, she established a school in London. The students of the school studied hard, and from the school they became good nurses. So, people around the world started to understand that nursing was an important job helping people.

Nightingale died in 1910. She worked hard for so many people in her life. thanks to her, the job of nursing was acknowledged all over the world. We must not forget her great work.
