At the start of 2025, new houses and buildings in Tokyo will need to be special. Do you know what this is? they need to have solar panels to make energy. This new law was made to reduce the amount of CO2 and help to slow down global warming. Today, I want to talk about the good points and bad points of this new law, and about energy in Japan.

Japan uses two kinds of energy. Non-renewable energy, such as oil and gas, is lost after it is used. They also increase CO2 in the environment. The other kind is renewable energy. This includes wind power, hydropower, and solar power. These can be used again and again, so they help to reduce the amount of CO2 in the air. Japan has many mountains and rivers, so hydropower is important. However, most places that can make hydropower are already developed. So, solar power is becoming more important. Please look at the table. You can see that the percentage of hydropower is almost the same every year, but the percentage of solar power is increasing. In 2020, the percentage of solar power was about as large as the percentage of hydropower and wind power combined.

Another interesting thing about solar power in Japan is the technology. In other countries, large, open spaces are used to build solar farms, but Japan does not have such spaces. So, Japan has developed new technology to solve this problem. For example, farmers build many new solar farms on water. These solar farms float over the water that they use to grow rice. In this way, they lose less water to evaporation in the hot summer and can make money by creating energy.

For these reasons, Tokyo passed the new law about solar panels on new houses. Some people are not happy with the new law because they say that solar panels are too expensive to buy. Other people say that, because Tokyo has many tall building, the solar panels will not get much light. On the other hand, the government says that solar panels will help to create many new jobs. This is because solar panels must be checked every year. It also says that, if each house can save a little energy, it will improve the environment. I think so, too.

There are many different ideas to help to reduce CO2. We need to  work together to make a nice world. Thank you for listening.
