Takuma is a junior high school student.
One Saturday, he saw a television news story about food shortages.
He learned that a lot of people around the world can't get enough food to eat.
He knows that some countries have enough food.
He thought, "Why are people in so many countries hungry?
That evening on the Internet, Takuma studied about food shortages.
He learned that one of the reasons for food shortages is bad weather.
In some countries, it doesn't rain much or it rains too much.
The people who live in such countries can't get enough food.
When it doesn't rain, farm products don't grow well.
When it rains too much, the products are damaged.
It isn't easy for the people to get food.
The next day, Takuma went to the library near his house to learn more about food shortages.
He read some books about the food problem.
From one book, he learned that there is another reason.
People in some countries are so poor that they can't buy enough food to eat.
He was sad to learn that.
That evening, Takuma told his parents and his grandmother about that.
His grandmother said "Takuma, you know there is a lot of food to eat in Japan.
We can eat enough food every day.
When we eat dinner at home, your mother often tells you to eat all the food on your plate.
" He thought his grandmother was right.
He said to his mother, "OK, Mom, I will try to eat all the food on my plate because I don't want to waste food.
On Monday, at school he made a speech in class about food shortages.
He said, "What can we do to help hungry people around the world?
There are ways to help them.
For example, we can send them food because we have a lot of food in Japan.
You think sending food isn't easy, right?
Then we can do more.
It's sending money to them.
Sending money is easier than sending food.
We can look for other ways to help hungry people around the world on the Internet or in books.
We should also try to learn the causes of the food problem.
Now, Takuma is more interested in the food problem of the world.
He wants the students of his school to think about the problem with him.
He decided to make a school newspaper and write about it.
He thinks, "More students of my school will start to become interested in the problem if they read about it in the school newspaper.
countries.
We can do many things to help them.
