Asami is a student at Kita Junior High School in Japan.
Her school has a sister school, ABC Junior High School, in Canada.
Both schools have student exchange program.
In the program, some students at Kita Junior High School visit ABC Junior High School every fall, and some students at ABC Junior High School visit Kita Junior High School every spring.
Last spring, some students at ABC Junior High School visited Kita Junior High School on April 13.
Asami became good friends with one of the students at her sister school.
His name was Jack.
Asami didn't speak English well, so Jack couldn't understand what she wanted to say when she talked to him in English.
She couldn't understand his English, either.
So, they often said to each other, "What?
Can you say that again?
" They sometimes used gestures and drew pictures.
In this way, they talked about a lot of things like their favorite sport, soccer.
They like the same soccer player, and they were happy to learn that.
Jack and the other students from ABC Junior High School stayed in Japan for only two weeks, but Asami communicated with Jack a lot and had a good time with him.
Last fall, Asami participated in the student exchange program.
Asami and other students visited ABC Junior High School on October 1.
Asami saw Jack there.
Jack came to Asami and said, "Hi, Asami!
I can study with you again, and I'm happy about that!
" Asami smiled and said,"Me, too!
" After that, the students of both schools went to  the cafeteria for lunch.
During the lunchtime, Asami became friends with another student, Emma.
Both of them are interested in movies, and they talked about their favorite ones.
Asami sometimes used gesture at that time, too.
Asami and Emma enjoyed their conversation.
After lunch, the students from Kita Junior High School sang two English songs for the students.
The students at ABC Junior High School enjoyed the wonderful songs.
Then, they danced to traditional Canadian music for the students from Kita Junior High School.
The dance and music were interesting, and Asami enjoyed them a lot.
